title: IPDF2015
date: 2015-01-12 10:27:32
tags:
---
All fields in the form are mandatory.

By clicking "Submit,", you acknowledge that you register to the Contest, that you have read the following Contest Terms and Conditions, and that you agree to these terms and conditions:

* The owner of the data and of the copyright on the data is the Royal Military Academy, Belgium.
* The data are only available for the scientific purposes of the 2015 IEEE GRSS Data Fusion Contest.
* Any dissemination or distribution of the data by any registered user is strictly forbidden.
* The data can be used in scientific publications subject to approval by the IEEE GRSS Image Analysis and Data Fusion Technical Committee and by the data owner on a case-by-case basis. To submit a scientific publication for approval, the publication shall be sent as an attachment to an e-mail addressed to iadf_chairs@grss-ieee.org and mshimoni@elec.rma.ac.be.
* In any scientific publication using the data, the data shall be identified as 'grss_dfc_2015' and shall be referenced as follows: '[REF. NO.] 2015 IEEE GRSS Data Fusion Contest. Online: http://www.grss-ieee.org/community/technical-committees/data-fusion?.'
* Any scientific publication using the data shall include a section 'Acknowledgement.' This section shall include the following sentence: 'The authors would like to thank the Belgian Royal Military Academy for acquiring and providing the data used in this study, and the IEEE GRSS Image Analysis and Data Fusion Technical Committee.'

Please also carefully remember the Rules of the Contest:

* Data can be requested by registering for the Contest. Participants must read and accept the Contest Terms and Conditions.
* Deadline for manuscript submission is April 30, 2015, 23:59 UTC - 12 hours (e.g., May 1, 2015, 7:59 in New York City, 13:59 in Paris, or **19:59 in Beijing** ).
* Each submitted manuscript will be authored by one or more co-authors (team of participants). One and only one submission originating from each team will be allowed to each of the two tracks of the Contest. Should multiple entries from the same team be received for the same track, then exclusively the first submission received will be considered.
* Submission to each track will consist in sending the manuscript as an attachment to an e-mail addressed to [iadf_chairs@grss-ieee.org](iadf_chairs@grss-ieee.org).
* Submission will be compliant with the following formatting instructions:
  * The subject line of the submission e-mail will be IADFTC\_2015\_Data\_Fusion\_Contest.
  * The submission e-mail and the manuscript will both specify the name(s), affiliation(s), and e-mail contact(s) of all team members.
  * The submission e-mail will specify if the attached manuscript is submitted to either the 2D Contest or the 3D Contest.
  * The manuscript will be written in English, will describe the addressed problem, the proposed method, and the experimental results, and will provide the necessary references.
  * The manuscript will be formatted as a PDF file following [the guidelines and templates for IGARSS 2015 full papers. Click here for details](http://www.igarss2015.org/Papers/PaperKit.html#PartIIIa).


Failure to follow any of these rules will automatically make the submission invalid, resulting in the manuscript not being evaluated. Participants to the Contest are not requested to submit an extended abstract to IGARSS 2015 by the corresponding conference deadline in January 2015. They will submit their 4-page full papers directly to the Contest by April 30, 2015. The received manuscripts will be evaluated by the Award Committee of the Contest, and the 1st and 2nd ranking full papers will be directly included in the IGARSS Technical Program and Proceedings.

### [Original page](http://cucciolo.dibe.unige.it/IPRS/IEEEGRSSDataFusionContest2015/register.html) and [IADFTC](http://www.grss-ieee.org/community/technical-committees/data-fusion/data-fusion-contest/)